Hello Johnny Dees in Somerville, Massachusetts, welcome!
Harmontown is now in session! Won't you please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon! Well, thank you Somerville! We've already had our first injury Jeff, I don't know if you saw my entrance, but it was less than graceful, I took out either a busboy or a cop or I don't know, I'll find out later in the basement.
This used to be an old cop bar, they say, it's a very old architecture in the basement, you can see the first hand effects of the fact that in the turn of the century, people, they never grew beyond three feet tall, everything, there's just a system of hobbit holes down there, there's just millions of miles of concrete, stucco, half built chairs, old bull whips, like a corpse of a guy dressed as Santa Claus in a bathtub,
Just weird shit from like, weird old days when Somerville was not the best managed town in the United States, voted in the Boston Globe, best managed town, I Wikipedia'd you motherfuckers, there is some funny shit in their Wikipedia entry, I don't think the guy that did most of the editing of your Wikipedia entry was on the tourist board, but I'm all over the place, what am I doing?
Anyways, I wiped some guy out, somebody write him a check, that was my point, I guess in the 1890s, when this place was probably built, I think people just ate dirt and smoked cigarettes all day, they didn't have vitamins, so everything was kind of shrunken down down there, so I have a lot of stuff.
The mirrors are all because the ceilings are so low, the mirrors just give you a perfect view of your balls, it's just like everything was hung by like a deranged midget leprechaun down there.
Somerville, Jeff, some facts about it, just to get to know each other, most important fact I think, I'm assuming that the Somervillians would have you know, it's not Boston, but there's probably a lot of Bostonians here that made the drive.
But Somerville's very proud of its independence I think, you know, we're just north of Boston, might as well be Boston, but maybe it's a little more wicked, a little less retarded.
We don't know, let's find out, we don't know.
We'll find out the wickedness to retarded ratio.
Major exports, goodwill hunting photos, a lot of bars, a lot of Matt Damon have been applicant on the wall here.
A lot of Colin Quinn looking likes walking around.
Yeah, I'm from Milwaukee, so I know, yeah, there's a lot of my uncles here in Spare, that's good, that makes me feel at home.
Yeah, I know how you guys like them apples, or I guess I don't.
I know you like your screenplays horrible, but I don't know how you like your apples.
Yeah, yeah, you know what, everyone gets a pet peeve, everyone gets one.
Yeah, I'm not gonna go around to the bars and take all the Matt Damon photos off the wall, I'm just a petty jealous asshole.
William Goldman wrote that script.
Okay, but you hate that one scene with the apples more than anything, that really sticks in your throat.
That really fucking sticks, I do not like those apples, I do not like that scene, I don't understand.
Is that banging on a window, how do you like them apples, and the guy bothers to say yes?
I like them, I let's continue to have this conversation, who would ever do that, it completely removes me from the movie.
And then if that didn't remove you from the movie, mini-drivers face.
No, I don't know, it's the Boston air, I'm getting a jocular and mean, I don't mean to do that, I'm sorry.
There's a ghost of police brutality in the basement.
I can just tell, it was an old cop bar and you just know that unofficial police procedures happened down there.
There's too many choices walking up to the stage, we walked six miles, remember the scene in Spinal Tap?
We have a shot of us walking, but beyond the scene in Spinal Tap, every three feet there was a way to go that way, a way to go that way,
and you would just see a glimpse of a sink with a wig.
We should play our D&D down there.
We could, I think they call it LARPing, live action role-playing.
Facts about Somerville, the typewriter was invented here?
Not true.
Sometimes you get lazy.
The original choice for Somerville's new name when they broke away from Charleston, Charlestown?
They broke away from those assholes and their original choice for a name was Walford after the first settler,
but then they just changed it to Somerville, which means this Walford guy, something turned up, right?
There's no mention, no one knows why they changed it to Somerville.
That sounds like a hasty decision after you went to Walford's house to go,
congratulations, here's your plaque, what is that in your living room? That's my daughter and my mom.
It's the old junkie. You fuck one sheep.
Something went down at the Walford estate and they just picked the name Somerville,
and no one here knows why they picked the name Somerville.
They actually had a historical commission look into it and it just seems like it was a purely fanciful name.
It's adorable. It's better than Boston.
Boston!
Who picked that name?
A lot of those, like in California where we're from, there's places like Thousand Oaks,
and there's no oaks, there's not a thousand of them anyway,
and those used to be really embarrassing names like Buttcrack Creek and stuff like that.
They were old, like it was the West, and so a lot of things were called the Big Titty Mountains, that's the Grand Teton.
Yeah, we have history too, where we come from.
But listen to this bit of history, Jeff, this is the first town that I want to read entire sections of the Wikipedia entry.
I think this is just so interesting and uncomfortable.
Just hold your applause until the end of this paragraph, or laughter, or cringing or crying, or walking out,
whatever your reaction you have to this, hold it until the end.
Paul Revere, in one account he wrote of his ride to warn the colonists, mentions a location in Somerville, then part of Charleston.
The location was the site where 20 years earlier a local slave, known as Mark, owned by John Codman, was publicly gibbeted.
Wait, wait, wait.
More on that later.
The location is probably near the site of the present-day Holiday Inn on Washington Street.
Not written by the Holiday Inn people, not written by Somerville's Tourism Bureau.
Bye-bye.
Continental breakfast on Sundays.
Also, a black person got gibbeted.
But Dan, that means he was treated to expert luxury and comfort.
No, I looked it up. I wanted to know what gibbeted.
Gibbeted is like, and it's most humane, it's basically just putting a dude in a cage and letting him die of thirst.
They did it at crossroads and things to like, if you murdered or stole or whatever, God knows what this poor guy did.
So it was like a public warning and probably counts as torture, I think.
I don't know where we stand on that now.
Wait, so they put you in a cage and you're left there?
Yeah, and then you just die in a cage.
So I have been gibbeted at Holiday Inn before.
Nice.
White people problems.
I went to a Holiday Inn in somewhere, it was called like Indiana, Pennsylvania.
It was the most complicated little turnpike town and there was nothing to do.
I went to a Holiday Inn and it's the only hotel I've ever been in. Not only was there no closet, there was no...
The hairdryer and the TV didn't work at the same time.
I haven't seen that since the 70s where the hairdryer affected the reception on the TV.
But also no windows. No windows in a hotel room. It was really, really creepy.
It was really like being in a prison cell.
I had some hotel complaints along the way.
And then the slogan downstairs is, relax. It's Holiday Inn. But the line reading is, relax.
It's Holiday Inn.
This is America. You live in a honeycomb of cement and glass.
Start your own hotel. Good luck.
We're part of the... relax. It's a military industrial complex.
You're sleeping in a bed made by people who make missiles probably.
Everything's taken care of. Just dig your ditch and die.
Holiday Inn. Gibbetting since 1742.
Who says gibbetting has to be uncomfortable?
Slowly die of thirst. Do you know what's weird is at this Comfort Inn that we're at, like another Ironically...
Damn, another all going to come over.
No, they're not. It's 48,000 miles.
Everyone come over to the Comfort Inn where the East 93 meets the fucking cave where the Pirates of the Caribbean are.
We are out of town. We are out of town.
And there's no water in the hotel. That was a new thing.
There was a machine in the lobby that has a water button and I pressed it and nothing came out.
And we all know when you press a water button, you're thirsty.
You usually accidentally get the amount of water you kind of feel like getting.
When you're thirsty enough to seek out a water button, you get bummed when water don't come out.
That was some Wiley Coyote shit that they pulled.
And then I started pressing juice buttons and none of them worked.
I think that's the continental breakfast machine that you get water and juice from 7 to 9.30 a.m.
Hey, Jeff.
Fluff the marshmallow cream was invented here in Somerville.
There's a look of real pride in the crowd right now.
Well, they're into it. Don't people eat marshmallow cream and...
Fluffer butters.
That sounds good. I will take that.
Do you do it with Nutella ever?
We're not so different.
We can get along.
Somerville's the home of Fluff?
It was invented here. It doesn't say when, but I assume when...
1325.
Blackbeard is here.
Fluffbeard.
I was a member of the Mohawk tribe.
There's a druid in the audience that turned lead into fluffy marshmallow cream
using the moon and a gibbeted woman.
Okay, just a couple more things.
I don't know. I'm fascinated, Jeff. I love history. I love Somerville.
Somerville.
The first residential phone line...
This is interesting to me.
The first residential phone line in the United States in 1877 was installed here.
It was invented from Charles Williams Jr.'s house to Alexander Graham Bell's place in Boston
where he was working on telephonics.
There was some guy that lived here that was so rich and powerful
that as soon as he heard there was a phone being invented,
it's like an equivalent of this.
I was an iPhone douche for a while.
When's it coming out? I want my assistant to stand in line for it.
Some guy was like, what's Alexander Graham Bell working on in Boston?
It's some kind of thing. You can talk to people without me in there.
I want the first door...
He just called Alexander Graham Bell every day.
What's going on? I'm working on the fucking thing you're talking to me on.
Can you hang up so I can test it some more?
Just making sure it still works.
I'm not going to pay my bill at the end of the month if it's not...
I'm not working on it.
I think that's about it for the history of Somerville.
Except most recently, Jeff, there's a big rebirth story here.
What were you going to say?
No, baby, come on.
I was going to open it to the floor and...
Baby, let's not fight, baby.
Don't do me that way.
I was going to say, maybe someone out there has some historical tidbits and nuggets.
I bet they do. That segues into this one little chapter.
I read another thing in the Wikipedia page.
Right before the 90s...
This place in the 90s had this incredible gentrification effort that happened.
Before that, they had a nickname for this place, Slumberville.
It was the car theft capital of the United States.
That's pretty amazing.
Why isn't that New York?
You've got to steal a lot of cars to not be New York or LA as either car theft capital.
I don't know if it was per capita. Maybe that's what it was.
Maybe people have six cars each here.
Say what?
It was a racket.
What do you mean? You were falsely branded?
Wait, what did you say?
My birth was financed that way.
Your birth was financed that way?
Wait, was it like a mob racket?
My family car was stolen.
Are you willing to come up here?
Or do you need to have a shadow across your face and your voice change?
Are you in the relocation program?
What it sounds like we're hearing is that...
Get on up here. What's your name?
I think what she might be saying...
Oh, she's got like a Harmontown t-shirt.
Did you make that?
I did.
I get off on t-shirts?
Very nice.
Alright, Summerville.
We may do some crowd surfing yet.
I don't know if you heard Brooklyn,
but I indulged a 40th birthday fantasy.
And crowd surfed there.
Here I think I'll just end up with an ass full of hot wings.
That's not your fault.
You have more comfortable seating than in Brooklyn.
They were able to lift my fat ass to the back of the room.
Anyways, Cara, I'm assuming what you're alluding to is like some kind of organized crime chapter of your history?
Yeah, exactly.
So they were just... cars were being stolen and re-stolen and...
Exactly, yeah.
So you would pretend your car got stolen as an insurance racket or what?
Yeah, basically that was it.
And I have to say this story runs to my family.
Obviously, I wasn't there.
But the hospital bill needed to get paid,
and so, yeah, there was an insurance policy on the car,
and it just happened to get left,
so the door was open and the key is in it.
What's that square that used to be,
that was the most notorious place for theft?
What was it, Assembly Square?
Assembly Square, yeah.
So you couldn't leave anything if it wasn't nailed down.
And then in the 90s, how does that work?
There were artists and...
The T-station came in.
Davis Square T-station.
Oh, the MBTA, the subway.
Oh, okay, so the subway was built
that allowed people to kind of flood into Somerville
and turn it into what the Boston Globe called
the best-managed city in the United States.
I assume that means the cleanest government in the...
I don't know, like if I'm about to spit out my gum,
like a robot comes by and grabs it,
or I don't know what does best-managed city mean,
but it sounds good.
So, I mean, didn't the insurance companies here
kind of like... didn't they smell a rat?
Or was everybody profiting off of this?
I mean, I hear it was a pretty good time
for a pretty long time.
You're getting nervous.
There's a red dot on your forehead.
The laser...
Yeah, are we sure there's not a statute of limitations on that?
Your parents are going to go to jail after this podcast drops?
Should we arrange that?
Yeah.
All right, let's talk about this.
It's going to be a new crime wave.
Somerville's going to be the murder...
the falling downstairs capital of the world.
The starving artists that flooded into the 90s
are now realizing that they need to weld something for a living.
Is there trouble at home?
I'm just trying to keep up the tradition of, you know,
mob... mob death.
I don't know.
Mob whacking your family?
I'm trying... hey, I'm trying to get made, you know.
Are you Italian?
I am, yeah.
Full 100% Italian?
Siciliana.
Wow.
Okay.
Yeah, I know.
Is there... anybody Polish here?
I don't know.
Wash your dupa.
Yeah, dup... dupa means butt.
My... my... my... my... my... my Boucha,
my grandma used to tell me to wash my dupa.
Nice.
Never tell you about my great-grandma Boucha, Jeff.
I think you... a little bit.
She murdered some people.
I think it's safe to say now that she's... she's... she's dead.
I was gonna say, finally dead, but that would sound mean.
I just mean, finally, in the sense that she lived to, like,
108 or something.
And she took some fuckers out with her.
Like, she was a...
Did she drink the blood or something?
She was... she was just hard... she was a...
she was a hard drinker. She was a vaudevillian.
She was a...
Sound familiar?
Yeah, no, they say, they always said,
you should talk to... talk to grandma Boucha.
You know, like, you... you guys share something.
Like, maybe it... maybe it skips two generations.
Like, whatever you are.
And then I... so I'd go in and,
what was vaudeville like?
If she'd go, what the fuck do you think it was like?
Give me a drink.
It was... it was... it was on stage.
I had an umbrella. It was a poodle. I don't know.
But then she would, like, you know,
we had to boycott Christmas a lot because she would...
she would... she would do one of those things
where she would point at her cheek and say,
give me... give me a kiss.
And then she'd swivel into it and, like,
basically French her grandsons.
Like, she was... she was into it.
Wait, didn't she... didn't she, like, stab a dude?
She stabbed a dude.
She said he fell on the scissors.
Nine times.
I don't know how you fall on scissors
nine times in your crotch area.
On a trampoline?
Yeah, I think I'm pretty sure.
But... and I think that...
that was, like, when she was in her 70s,
so I think the cops thought...
because we were... we were watching a packer game
in... in Wisconsin and, uh,
like, this thing came over the... you know,
they'd do local news stuff over the packer game
and some, you know, some local guy said...
said, oh, here's a human interest piece.
A 77-year-old woman was being brought in for questioning
regarding the possible homicide of a...
of her roommate.
Sounds funny.
And we all joked in the living room,
like, oh, Grandma Boucher.
And then the phone rang.
And it was the police.
And it was, like, her one phone call.
And, like, she had, like, she had had a quarrel
with this lover of hers that she was living with.
And then we don't know what happened from there,
but we know it ended with him dying
after receiving a few... a few punctures
with a pair of scissors below his waistline.
Oh!
And I think that the cops thought,
she's 70, any sentence is a life sentence,
let her go.
And she... and she went on a fucking spree
for 30 years.
14 people dead.
Like, they're starting to...
Grandma Boucher's amazing, like, she...
I have news items on tape.
I'm sorry, Kara, I just...
Pull up some bullet peanuts or something.
I just want to tell you about my grandma.
It's as well worth surrendering the liberty of a member
of my family, you know, through my stories,
to get at yours.
I mean, I would apologize for the tangent, but...
Yeah, exactly.
I mean...
She's getting off right now.
Yeah, I should charge you for it.
The...
She at one point, like, she...
There's a news item that I have on VHS tape
for some of you kids, there was a thing called VHS,
isn't it?
The... she...
Thank you, sir.
This guy...
He's like a veteran in a wheelchair.
I remember VHS.
Thank you, sir.
I got Top Gun on Beta Max.
I'm a real American.
Me too.
Sinbad of the 70's, Tron.
Yes.
All right, just leave me alone for a second.
I just want to finish...
I have OCD, like, I want to finish my grandma Boucher thing.
Like, she...
Wait, Boucher means grandma, right?
Boucher means grandma, so she was my...
You know, like...
Grandma, grandma.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like...
It's all the same.
Like, Boucher's like Mima, you know,
Irish people say Mima, and, you know,
some people say Pop Pop for, like, Grandpa.
It's like...
Boucher, she was Grandma Boucher,
so she was Grandma Grandma.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, she's 600.
So she...
She was on the news again,
decades after successfully murdering a man.
This blows my mind.
She...
Someone tried to steal her microwave.
We think it was like a drinking buddy
that she owed money to, and, like...
She was 90?
She was, like, at least 90, yeah,
something like that.
Awesome.
And she had a scuffle with this person
that tried to steal her microwave,
and the person took a butcher knife
and slashed her in the throat.
It's a happy ending.
Depending on where you fall on,
Grandma Boucher being out there.
Maybe not for the police, it's not a happy ending.
Not for the DA.
That she...
And then she...
According to her recollection of the event,
like, she was...
This person got away with the microwave,
slashed her in the throat,
and she was laying there for a while.
It was like, oh, someone will come find me.
And then she thought,
no one's gonna come find me.
I'm Grandma Boucher.
So she got up,
wrapped a towel around her neck,
and walked to the emergency room,
where they sewed her neck back up.
And there's a tape
that circulates among my family
of the local news report that's like,
oh, they didn't know.
They should have done their research
and made this into more of a character,
but this is a whole new generation of news reporters
just going, hey, here's a funny thing.
There's a really old lady got slashed on the throat,
and she lived, and she wrapped the towel,
and then they show this doctor.
They get the statement from him,
and you can see the emergency room behind him,
giving a statement, and he's just looking at his face,
like he just watched an episode of The Monsters
or something like that.
He doesn't know what, he's going,
a woman came in,
and about 90 years old,
and she had her neck slashed,
like all the way across,
and I put some stitches in it,
and she left.
And he's so confused,
because everything he's learned about medicine
has gone out the window.
But the weird thing was,
she left through the air conditioning duct in the ceiling.
I think I just, I patched a golem?
I don't know what I did.
Was it masonry that I did?
Alright, anyways, back to you, Kara.
Did you get off on that tangent?
We're in polite company, I should start.
Sorry.
Alright, Kara, what can we do for you
before you leave us?
Let's reward you for coming up here
and possibly incriminating yourself and your family.
Was this some Harmontown wish fulfillment up here?
Yeah, yeah, like, what, what, I don't know,
I could go, what's your big ambition in life?
Like, what's your unfulfilled?
Unfulfilled ambition.
I'm a costume designer.
And so do you want to be a big time costume designer?
Yeah, that'd be great.
What does that entail?
Being just about as poor as I am now,
but probably in New York.
You do it for film or for print or fashion?
Theater?
Yeah.
Alright, so, and currently you do it here locally?
Oh, okay, and do you pay your rent doing it?
Yeah, just about.
I have a day job at a self-defense non-profit.
A self-defense non-profit?
Yes.
But that's not a very good day job, it's a non-profit.
It's true, it's all...
You keep looking at your time card and going,
God, am I doing this wrong?
Sliding in the machine?
It's a non-profit, Kara.
Okay, so, alright, I think we can...
Let's thank Kara for coming up and let's reward her.
Thank you, Kara.
Thank you for making that t-shirt.
You can...
Sit down, Kara.
Okay, bye.
I didn't know...
We're from Los Angeles.
We have, like, showbiz shorthand.
When you thank someone, it means fuck off.
When you say I love it, it means I don't...
I didn't see it.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna say anything about it until someone else says something about it
and then I can see whether I can make money off of it.
But, no, we would never say fuck off to Kara.
Thank you, Kara.
So, let's do...
Let's just do the...
Let's do her big movie.
Let's do her biopic.
Is it Kara or Kara?
Kara.
The story of Kara going from being a down-and-out Somerville costume designer,
working at a nonprofit for a self-defense organization,
and making it big.
Here it is.
It's gonna be four minutes long.
I love it.
I'm at a sewing machine.
Oh, God.
Kara?
Yes, Mr. Haberstrom.
I have some bad news for you.
Your parents, that are both in jail for fraud,
they were murdered by Grandma Boucher.
They'll finally...
Wait, wait.
Was there any payout?
Nope.
Oh, damn, my Italian blood.
Get back to work and sew those socks.
I should have stole my own cars like Dad.
Ugh.
What chance does an honest girl like me have in this racket?
Harmontown tickets.
Get your Harmontown tickets.
Big famous screenwriter from Hollywood, California.
Coming out to Somerville, Massachusetts.
Making dreams come true.
Harmontown.
That's the podcast I get off to.
Sir, sir, I'm just a poor costume designer.
I only work in Somerville.
Everyone basically wears whatever they want here.
You should come on down to Harmontown.
I gotta warn you, the tickets are pretty overpriced for the content value.
Seems to me, just two jackasses grab assing for an hour and a half.
Guy rapping about fucking everybody's mama.
That's not show business.
Get a real job.
Don't follow your dreams.
I'm a threshold guardian.
Fuck you, stranger.
You're wrong, mister.
I leave, but I accidentally drop a Harmontown ticket.
But one stupid Italian piece of shit.
Fuck her.
I got shit to do.
I got a worthless ticket to a relatively worthless show.
I'm gonna go to Chinese D's where everyone else wants to go.
Everybody put your hands together for Dad Harmontown.
Hey, Somerville.
Waka, waka, waka.
I farted the other day.
It was so interesting.
I got fired from community.
Booty-dooty-booty-doo.
Oh, my God.
It's two years later.
I'm Kara, but now I'm taller and better looking.
This guy, God, I just had four orgasms on that content.
And the tangent, he went off on.
Chevy Chase.
Can I come up on stage?
And then I saw her.
That's when I saw her.
Oh, my God.
Sorry, I just came again.
What's your name, ma'am?
Kara.
Grubetz Leoni.
Ten minutes later, at the end of the show.
Oh.
Do I get the job?
Yes.
All right.
Well, that seemed...
I don't know.
That felt...
That felt raucous.
That felt inappropriate.
It felt...
It wasn't happy, I think.
Yeah, it wasn't happy.
It wasn't happy.
Get it?
Oh.
They're moving grossly.
Wait.
There's a fine line we're treading here.
Wait, you were about to go to another beat.
Where were you going to take it before I did a cheap shot?
If I had done it, it would have been...
Because I was thinking we were crossing the threshold of a love story.
And then we would have gotten an apartment together.
I would have probably thrown an ashtray at her and accidentally killed her.
I don't know.
I was thinking to myself, it was like Richard Gere in a thriller.
Your choice was better.
It was better.
It was way better.
I said four minutes, you delivered.
I don't...
Jeff, don't go to me for the professional entertainment.
I'm just saying, Kara, your path is clear tonight.
That's not.
Or any man or woman here looking for a job in Hollywood.
I have a perfect girlfriend.
We'll check in with her later about how our relationship is holding up to this tour.
I wanted to talk to you, Jeff, about the...
Okay.
All right.
We have...
I don't know if we roll into this now, because we just had a guest up here.
But you guys listen to the podcast and...
So there's this guy, Adam Goldberg, who's in the show, kind of by sheer force of will.
He's in the show.
He described his origin story for the people that don't know him from the podcast.
He's this kid who...
I guess he was like an extra in community.
That's what he said.
His origins are, I pulled him out of the audience to read some of my brother's emails.
And I went to go get another drink, and then he...
Speaking of which, the law says we're not allowed to have our bottle of kettle up here.
Can we...
I don't know who our dedicated server is.
Is it the guy I wiped out with the door?
Can it...
With ice?
Two.
Two?
Just the swish of that John Ritter door.
That's the only answer.
I mean, we can have a bucket of...
It's so weird, the laws.
It's different everywhere.
Every city has fucked up laws about liquor.
We were in Atlanta where they had just recently overcome the idea that you couldn't buy liquor on Sunday, period.
I forget.
It was in some city.
They were, believe me, like, it's like these...
Yeah, it's like, how does it...
I don't even know what to say about it.
It's insane.
People are going to stop making laws, man.
They have that program where we're turning Russian nukes into nuclear reactors for America.
It's called something like megatons to megawatts or something like that.
It's like a program which is really just in your fucking face.
We won the Cold War.
Give us all your dicks and we're going to turn them into toothbrush runners.
We're just going to use your old world penises to now just make our seal-y, posture-pedic beds work.
It's pretty brutal end to the Cold War.
That's an example.
Disarmament, sometimes we realize that we've stockpiled too much shit.
We need to start reducing it a little bit.
Adam Goldberg.
What about...
I'm just trying to get car off.
What about laws?
Jeff, why can't we dig into our vast surplus of ridiculous laws and boil them down into a couple of simple rules?
Don't be a dick and stuff.
Yeah, well, one guy tried it and they put him on a cross.
Too soon.
Oh, thank you. Perfect.
Much too late.
But it was too late like the next day.
Yeah, well, you know what? Hey, maybe it's time for a lazy Jesus that doesn't get crucified to come through.
And instead of getting killed, maybe I could just live to 80 and tell people what to do.
I'll volunteer.
That's a form of crucifixion, like playing video games and masturbating.
You do actually have kind of a Christ complex, don't you?
Yeah, yeah, I feel burdened by these people's niche.
Talk about armaments.
We got a vodka stockpile.
So the rules say we can't have a bottle up on the table, but we can't.
So we can just have a choo-choo train of...
So whatever that law was protecting, whatever good it was doing, like how is that?
You know, ostensibly there's a 19-year-old girl in the audience deciding whether or not drinking is cool.
God forbid she see that bottle, but this is going to make it so much harder for her to go down my path.
Did you bring them, sir?
What's your name?
Matt.
Matt, everybody.
Did I hit you with the door?
Sorry, Matt. Are you okay?
Can you come up and tell everyone you're okay?
To ask you to do that?
I'm fine.
I'm actually doing pretty well today.
Okay.
You didn't hit me that hard.
Were you standing in front of the door because you were going to open it for me?
I was. I was about to serve one of my tables.
That would have been the first cool...
No one ever opened a door for me, and I just banged into him.
He was going to go like this, like I'm Batman or something, and he's Alfred.
He was going to go like, here you are, and I fucked him up.
What'd you say?
Restart.
Restart?
Oh, well, I don't know.
Somebody said restart, let him open the door for you.
I think the ratio of time spent to entertainment received...
I don't know.
It's hard to make a judgment call there, but then again you go, why are you bringing him up on stage?
How do you explain the first 40 minutes of your show?
Thank you very much.
Everyone's a critic.
Because I mean...
Why don't you go watch Good Will Hunting again?
Inception.
Inception, yes.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You didn't buy a ticket to this ride.
How long have you worked here? Matt, you said, right?
Yeah.
How long have you worked here?
About six months or so.
It's pretty new then.
Yeah?
Sure.
You enjoy it?
I love it.
What's the best thing about working here?
Just the kinds of people I meet, I think.
And all the attention I get for no reason like right now.
So how many times in that six months that you've worked here have you done a freestyle rap with somebody up on stage?
Yo, yo, yo, yo, is it Matt?
Yeah.
Matt, I'm the mic. I'm talking Matt. He's the guy I like.
Banged into his shoulder when I came through the door.
I fucked your mamas because they all are whores.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
I fucked your mama.
I tried to clean it up.
After a word.
I fucked your mama.
That's the word.
Matt.
And Matt's gonna rap.
I'm sorry, I'm pretty white.
What's your name again?
Dan.
I'm Dan.
Nice to meet you, Dan.
Nice to meet you.
You hit me.
Yo, Dan, you hit me with the door, man.
You're gonna hit my nose, but that's alright because this job is really great.
I'd like to thank you for keeping me up here even though I'm not getting paid for this shit.
I'm not really rhyming, I'm just kind of complaining and you can hear me.
Also, a tip for the vodka would be pretty cool.
Alright, alright, alright.
Okay.
MC Matt!
Thank you, sir.
That's how you use stage time.
You and me are not gonna make money on this tour.
That guy has made $15 more on this trip than I'm going to.
My credit card was shut off today from expenditures on this trip.
Our trail looks like a thief's.
No one hangs out in Austin in Atlanta, like what are you doing?
Charlotte to Brooklyn in one night?
I don't think so.
You stole a TV.
But he did five minutes, turned it into 20, 40 bucks.
I gave him 10, what'd you give him?
I gave him 20.
Yeah, but you're going to drink more of that vodka.
Oh yeah, I will cause damage to this place financially.
The advantage will be mine.
No, that's not true.
I'm going to keep it straight and narrow tonight.
Now, I want to say something.
There's a girl who came to the show tonight.
She gave me a gift before the show.
I wear tie clips a lot.
I lost a tie clip once that I had engraved that said Federal Bikini Inspector on it.
And then I lost it.
And I hope whoever has it enjoys that Federal Bikini Inspector tie clip.
But this girl, Samantha, made me this one.
And it occurred to us.
Thank you, Samantha.
And it occurs to us.
There's been times when we've been on the road and somebody will bring us a bottle of Kettle One backstage.
But I've been looking around town.
The front of my shoe is kind of the leather is kind of coming off.
I'm trying to find some shoo goo, but you can't find it anywhere.
So where are we going? Providence, Rhode Island?
This is the segment of the show where we ask for shit.
Yeah, we'll be in Rhode Island.
I'll pay for it.
But we just don't have time to stop and do anything.
So I'm saying Providence, little tube of shoo goo.
I could use some Prilosec.
I'm 40 years old.
What is that?
I forgot to leave town with it.
It's heartburn medication.
And again, we will pay you for it.
Aaron wrote down Sharpie pins, two toothbrushes, and safety pins.
Okay, all right.
So if you're coming to Rhode Island, are you listening?
Come with a basket.
This is how Egypt mythology started.
People are just like, hey, I can use a tangerine.
I'll make it rain on Wednesday.
People are just coming.
Well, that's not charismatic of us to ask for shit.
I will pay for the shoo goo.
Do you have toothbrushes?
Are they used?
Bring it out.
This is a weird table full of gypsies that brought toothbrushes.
No, that's really rude.
Gypsies is an offensive phrase.
It's like the end of Let's Make a Deal.
I didn't mean gypsies as an ethnic phrase.
I think that's become an offensive ethnic term.
I just meant traveling vendors of fortune telling and werewolf curses.
This show brought to you by the all-new Oral B Advantage.
Holy shit.
All right.
Well, let's see if things are already working great.
It's like, okay, Providence, we just need one toothbrush now.
I would like to raise a barn in back if, maybe I'll just live here.
Just build me a house.
I have a toothbrush and Brighton.
You have a toothbrush and Brighton?
Yeah.
Is that nearby?
Go get it.
A lady just called out, I have a toothbrush and Brighton.
Well, hopefully you all have toothbrushes at your home.
Yeah.
It's not a competition, ma'am.
You really work for a toothbrush company?
Yeah.
Oh.
So you have a factory of toothbrushes and Brighton.
Were they being cutesy by putting it in Brighton?
My question is, were they being cutesy?
I wasn't being cutesy.
You can't groan me.
This woman right here works in a dental office.
Let's get them up and have them fight.
We didn't know until now.
We didn't know that we could put you motherfuckers to work like this.
I'm sorry.
Well, we are humble people.
We live in a world where bus boys shake us down for 50 bucks.
That's the treatment we're used to.
This much love we're not used to.
I think it's a bad rap.
We're really nice.
Oh, no, no, no, I didn't mean Boston.
Oh, nobody's ripping on Boston.
Boston's ripping on everybody.
Oh, that's an example of ripping on my...
It is like, you know, it's like when you roll into the town,
like there is like a little whispers of like,
oh, shit, Boston.
That town's legit.
They're working class.
They don't pronounce their R's.
They're going to heckle you.
I wouldn't say people here are rough for me.
Some of them may be a little bit more aggressive,
maybe like a little bit more like upfront,
you know, like candid in your face.
Is that apt?
Yeah.
Hey, take it easy.
Take it easy.
I think that's it.
Yeah, we have friends from Boston in LA.
They have a certain swagger that reminds us of shitty Matt Damon movies.
Is Jen Kirkman from Boston?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Jen Kirkman's a good friend of ours.
Lowell.
What?
Oh, Lowell.
Yeah.
Is this one of those towns in Massachusetts
where the science is now entering Somerville?
But it's really funny when like now entering Beverly,
which sounds like a porn title.
Jessica, Massachusetts.
All right.
So I got it off on a lot of tangents there
because we were about to...
We got this guy, Adam Goldberg.
Wow.
Remember?
The greatest adventure is what lies ahead.
Remember at 8.15 when I mentioned Adam Goldberg?
He's like a regular in the LA shows.
He's like this.
It's like, you know how Indiana Jones had bellock?
Like every hero has a shadow he casts.
And you don't know whether to like him
or he's like a brother demon.
You know, like a lot of my fans are self-styled Dan Harmon's
like talented writers who can't make eye contact.
And like a lot of my conversations with my fans
look like two guys staring at the floor
and accidentally insulting each other back and forth.
Like guys, there's a lot of...
Hey, well no, it's not just you.
I was thinking about you.
But yeah, it's kind of...
I'm an awkward person and I have an awkward flock
So Adam is this little guy and he comes up on stage
and the Harmontown like clearly we've proven that
like people, like a lot of it is people coming up
and like us getting to know who's out there and stuff.
And now Adam has got this sort of swagger now
that he just kind of storms the stage like a spool.
He's become our hamburger.
Like in the mythology, like he's like a guy.
People in the live LA audiences don't like him
as much as the podcast listeners
because people in the live LA audiences
are sitting next to the stage and they're like,
I could get up there too but I don't, you're a dick.
But people listening are going,
I can't ever get up there so he's my hero.
He's like one of those bomb diffusing robots
like just putting himself into the hurt locker every time.
And then we're mean to him
and then he comes back for more and we like him
and it's like are we being Howard Stern
or is that good or bad?
Is this guy a genius or an idiot?
Is he a hero or a villain?
It seems to be kind of like a weird...
among our audience.
Some people really like support and love him.
Some people don't know.
Some people wish he wouldn't do that so much.
We don't really know where it stands.
And we're fascinated with him and that's the important thing.
But more important than that.
Tonight, here in Somerville,
it turns out, no, no,
Adam's not with us for the simple reason
that we have a special unit
of the police check the bottom of the bus every night
with what I call
Cape Fear Mirrors.
Adam is not here.
But Adam Goldberg's
two brothers are here.
Adam Goldberg's two brothers are here.
Noah and
and Harry?
Are you guys willing to come up?
Noah and Harry?
Are you here?
All right.
So now we're going to get to the bottom of some shit, I think.
Hello.
Holy crap, wait.
Here we go.
There you go.
Shake your hand.
Noah.
He said, I don't know if I should shake your hand.
I've listened to you.
It's always been a little bit nicer.
Jeff's always been the one to really just
shit pretty hard.
Really? Well, Jeff will say stuff like
shut the fuck up, Adam. Get off stage.
Right.
And Dan will say, please shut the fuck up.
Right. Or I'll say
like, well, we're all Adam Goldberg a little bit.
Like, you know, like, at what point do I,
you know, where does the bully become the victim?
My question, like,
we love Adam, but we kind of
hate him a little bit, too.
So are we all right? Are you listening, Adam?
Yeah.
All the questions that you've asked, we've asked ourselves.
I thought we'd get answers, but it's a special kind
of answer that there's just more questions.
That's fine, too. It's like black hole
research.
It's to the point now, you guys, that
after the show, he follows me to my car,
and if we go to a bar after the show, then he fall,
even if I don't say the bar I'm going to, sometimes
he's just there, and he'll follow me to my car then.
Like, I know he's harmless.
He told, there's no concern there, but
he's a very forward guy.
Right? You'd have to. Absolutely.
You'd have to allow that. He's diabolical.
I mean, he's a genius. Like, he's always
calculating. A genius. Yeah, possibly
evil. So when you guys were growing up,
are you both older brothers? Yeah, we're
three years older. So did you tie him to trees
and like... Oh, we were really bad
to him. Yeah.
My dad says that the worst day of
his life was when he realized that the kid
tormenting him was actually two kids tormenting
him.
Because we're twins, so we work as a team.
Oh, you guys are twins. Oh. So we work
as a team, and, you know, it's easy to trick
your three-year-old brother, three years younger,
into doing whatever you want.
Yeah, and then when you get tired of
fucking with him and you just tag out and the other guy comes in.
Yeah, we used to
pull him out of his crib to play.
Like, this was harmless. I would
climb up and try to toss
him down and...
And, like, he couldn't catch
very well.
Adam, I take it all back, man.
Yeah, we're starting...
Holy shit.
So maybe there's your origin story.
Yes. And, you know, we would
walk into, like, my parents' room
and you go, Dad, the baby's crying.
Don't know what's going on.
This is interesting.
Somebody audibly said,
Jesus.
That's good. This is human, human stuff.
I mean, we did it out of love, but, like...
So, yeah.
Sounds loving. Four-year-olds can't catch.
Like...
It's interesting when you remove the glasses from
Adam Goldberg, age him up a little
and move him to Boston.
It's a Jimmy Kimmel thing that starts to happen.
You guys look like...
Yeah, yeah. But you're twins
and, you know, are you
identical or are you genetically identical?
Oh, okay. All right.
So, I guess...
I guess
when you go home tonight,
you can go, Dan Harmon called me fat,
I guess.
And
used DNA to prove it.
But I
didn't mean it to happen that way.
And I'm not...
I'm fatter than you. I didn't mean it.
I wasn't... I mean...
I stumbled into it.
How many pictures on Google images
come up at you, man? Oh, man, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah. Now, believe me.
Like, before you leak any celebrities'
voice mails, make sure you've taken
a lot of thin pictures.
Yeah. And make sure your teeth
aren't yellow.
That humbled me greatly, that phase.
Like, Dan Harmon's at it again.
The TMZ Photoshopping M&M's
on my chin.
Believe me, I did not mean it.
Wait, which one are you? Noah or Harry?
I'm Harry. Harry, Noah. Okay.
Um, all right. Well, what do we...
What can we do special with him, Jeff?
Like, in preparation of going back home to Adam?
Like, we met your brothers.
He's your problem now.
Oh, yeah.
So, you guys both live here still.
Right. And so, when did he
move away to LA?
About a year and a half or so ago.
How was that partying? Was it bittersweet
or did you, like, get the fuck out of here?
The after-party was way better.
Well, Adam
got on the bus and a guy
in a cop-up bit blew a whistle.
We've always had the plan that somehow
Adam was going to be the one to make all the money
and be able to take care of us.
That hasn't happened.
No, it hasn't happened yet.
He's working on it. How old is Adam?
Like, evil genius.
Like, the key part is genius.
For sure. And, yeah, I think
that's what buys it all back.
Sometimes, yeah, he goes into these
rants that are, like,
they're kind of ill-timed
and his sense of, like, kind of verbal rhythm
kind of, like, doesn't hit the eardrums
in the right pattern.
He's, like, what? He's a kid. He's, like, 20-something.
20-something.
But, you know, when you actually
listen to what he's saying, he's, like,
you know, he's really smart.
A lot of people don't know what to make of him.
Yeah.
But the thing is that once you get
his character and his personality,
a lot of the stuff
he says is pretty genius.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think he works well with an editor, like...
It's the comedy rule of
three's, right? One out of three things he says is funny.
Like...
Yeah, yeah.
Like, obviously, you're a writer. You know this.
Like, you don't do it all yourself. You need a team around you.
Exactly. Like, if we could have cut out me
accidentally calling you fat, like, I would...
I would be, like, a great fucking
host.
Yeah, I can go...
I will go back and edit that out of the podcast.
And then I'll seem like a very charming guy.
Maybe you guys want to, like,
take this opportunity, because I would...
I presume that Adam will be listening to these
podcasts as they're coming out.
I mean, anybody would, because it's certainly,
like, even just out of simple...
Oh, he doesn't have my phone number. It's cool.
He doesn't have your phone number.
No, I'm kidding.
Maybe, like, you guys could send a little, like,
a little video...
I mean, sorry, an audio letter to him, you know,
like a little wistful, you know,
brotherly contact, you know, over our thing.
Give him a little soundtrack.
That's all you know.
Your open letter to Adam.
Whatever you want to say to him.
Adam, mom and dad just really
want you to get a job.
We know you're trying.
We know you're trying, but
try harder.
Times are tough for everyone.
When they saw you
in the background as a community,
and you looked within 20 years at Chevy Chase,
that is not a good look.
So keep going.
We love you. We support you.
But...
Did the Friars Club sponsor this letter?
All right.
The thing you can do for us
is not let him respond to this.
Because it's going to be way worse for us.
Well, yeah, but, yeah.
So you guys are scared of his, like,
his brain and his mouth, right?
Like, he'll level that weird...
There's still two of us.
Yeah, Lex Luthor death ray.
Yeah, so Adam, okay,
physically they can still kick your ass,
but you got away.
They would like you to make some money.
Can I ask a question here?
For the audience, like,
I know the L.A. audience
is kind of like...
Skeptical. Skeptical.
But, like, of the people listening,
like, how does it play out for
just listening here? Just...
Were you asking these people?
I thought he was a writer in community.
This woman...
This young lady said
I thought he was a writer in community.
He probably texted you and told you that.
There's a diabolical quality to him.
He ends up with everybody's phone number.
One time we were at the drawing room.
Mostly women, though.
Yeah, yeah. After a bar,
after we go to this one bar after our show,
and I was there and
he was working on some girl and
the girl had a friend and he was drunk.
And he's like,
Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, give me your phone number.
I'm like, no.
Give me your phone number. Adam.
Fuckin' no way. No.
But he gets all the women's digits
in, like, crazy, weird Jedi ways.
He...
It was present the moment when he walked up to Aaron
and he said, so, Aaron,
AT&T fucked up my phone
and I finally got it back and I lost your number.
I needed your number again.
And Aaron kind of went,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I gave it to him and he walked away and Aaron had this blank expression.
I never gave him my number.
It's no joke, man. It's no joke.
He's a Jedi.
These are not the droids you want.
I didn't put anything in your drink.
Do you ever read the book by Bud Shillman,
What Makes Sammy Run, about this character, Sammy Glick?
I haven't read it.
Read that book. It's about a guy
that... he's just this little like
newspaper man, a guy that runs the papers
and stuff like that and he ends up running a studio
in Hollywood, simply out of will, and the idea that there's no such thing as a human
obstacle.
People are things you can just move around like chess pieces, and it's not willfully
mean, it's just the idea that the goal is something that's more important than the steps
along the way.
And is it genetics that makes your brain like that, or is it your older brother's playing
head injuries?
Catch the baby out of the cradle.
Probably a combination of that and head injuries.
Definitely.
All right, Noah and Harry, let's hear it for the Goldberg brothers.
Goldberg brothers.
Thank you guys.
Thank you, Noah.
Thank you, Harry.
We've never had a disaster, Jeff.
We just bring random people up on stage, and you're trained for the stand-up mythology
and TV and stuff.
When somebody starts popping off in the audience, everyone gets as uncomfortable as when a baby
is crying on an airplane.
It's like, there's a crisis.
There's something happening.
There's going to go bad.
Like, what's Rob Schneider going to do?
But at our show, I know we're spoiled because all these audiences are people who listen to
the podcast.
They come out, they drive a long way, and they pay money, but then they're ready to have
a good time.
But I just love the human experiment.
You can just drag people up, and they're like, I don't know, and then they start rapping
and they fucking bury the show.
But when Noah came up, he gave me a pretty stern look, and he goes, I don't even know
if I should shake your hand.
I thought it was because he was protective of Adam.
Yeah, and then he just completely threw Adam under the bus.
Yeah.
I mean, he really meant it.
I don't know if I should shake your hand.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's his...
Aaron texted me.
What?
Aaron just texted me.
Is he here?
Well, come on, Aaron.
Aaron will go to the stage.
Erin McGathy!
This could go bad.
I mean, I never know what this one.
Aaron, well, all I was going to say is that Adam just texted me.
We're my brother's drips.
Wow.
Yeah.
See you guys.
Here in McGathey, everybody, sniped from a distance by the Goldberg Sniper Rifle.
The blood does kind of run cold, like Beetlejuice, we've mentioned his name so many times, and
he just starts texting people.
That's fucking cool, yeah, he's like Sherlock Holmes on that new remake and the BBC.
I was like, what?
There's text coming up.
He knows we're talking about him.
Having fun, Mr. Harmon?
Yeah.
Oh, you amused me, so.
He's like Q, he's not my bellock, he's my Q from new Star Trek, I'm going to get laid
in Boston.
Star Trek next generation reference, Jeff, just running through a couple more things.
We're going to be in Rhode Island tomorrow night and we really, is there any incentive
we can give people because it's not that long a drive and apparently we're undersold
there.
We've been here.
We've been...
Drugs?
I'm finding out.
I'll get the location.
Hang on.
Is it 45 minutes?
Yeah, no big deal.
It's like a drive to Grandma's house.
Yeah, Providence, East Providence.
A lot of drugs.
I have a vaporizer in the tour bus.
They're saying there's lots of drugs there.
Oh.
I think, is that what you're saying?
Oh no, no, we're going to Rhode Island.
No, I think you were speaking the same way.
I'm saying, is there anything we can incentivize people to like form a little kind of an incentive?
People to like form a little caravan and come to, let's just go fill the seats at the Rhode
Island show.
Let them be.
Shoe goo.
Well, that's all, that's all incentive for us.
We're going to be at the comedy connection in, on Warren Avenue, East Providence, Rhode
Island tomorrow night.
Right.
All right.
Well, Aaron says you'll get a special button if you use the past phrase, I came here from
Johnny Deese.
Also, Spencer will give the first 40 people in the door a 20 minute deep tissue massage.
Speaking of which, let's bring Spencer up on stage.
Spencer, get up here.
Oh shit, Spencer.
Yep.
He's wearing his Apple store sweatshirt.
Spencer was sharing a table tonight.
Kind of.
I got my little dead soldiers.
Do you want me to slide over?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
All right.
You're fine.
What up?
Again, for those of you who already know Spencer, he's our Dungeon Master.
For those of you who don't, he's going to master a dungeon later on and God bless him,
but we didn't know this guy really from Adam, and not Adam Goldberg, from the old Adam when
we embarked on our tour.
But I find Spencer, you've been an absolute gem of a tour companion to have on the bus.
Jeff, really quick.
I want to roll out the chicken noodle.
Chicken noodle.
Spencer, did you help write the chicken noodle song?
No, I came in during the end.
I might be able to help you guys out though.
Okay, so Dan, I have some stupid tour bus songs about like I hold like things up to my
dick and like there's Pringles Dick.
That was take a sip of my dick.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out why.
You're holding the Pringles Dick.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick.
I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
I don't really, some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out.
No, I never found out, never really found out why.
That's a song you can sing while you hold a Pringles can on your dick.
All right, Summerville?
So Dan Harmon was laying a supine on the fork, the fork, the folksle of the tour bus.
I don't know, the four room and the thing and there's a big couch and he's reclined back
there and we're all, you know, this is, we were leaving Brooklyn last night on a big
high from the Brooklyn show, which was immensely good last night and we're driving back.
Not as good as this.
No, no, no, this is fucking, this is way better.
Stage drive.
I mean, later in a couple minutes.
Can we get the biggest guys up front?
So Dan was laying there and I started handing Dan various objects because Dan expressed
a desire to sing, like, try his own hand that these improvised, my dick is shaped like
something else.
Yeah, I want to have fun with the dick songs.
So we tried, we tried the little honey bear thing or we tried a honey bear dick and that
didn't go so well.
Honey bear dick, honey bear dick.
I got a honey, fuck it.
Aspirin dick was no good.
My Aspirin dick, I can't do it.
Yeah, I knew it kind of fell.
It kept failing, kept failing.
So we found a kind of progressive chicken noodle soup.
He just kept swapping objects under my dick and like making me get out of my head space.
He was like, you were like a great Iron Eagles, Lou Gossett Jr. like mentor.
Just stop thinking about it, stop thinking about it.
And then finally the last object was a can of chicken noodle soup, a big fat, progressive
can of chicken noodle soup.
And I went, here I am.
And then we wrote the song for him.
We were like, no, I don't know.
We could tell, like I got like a Tin Pan Alley songwriter.
So we do, there's a gem there.
There's a kernel.
Here I am.
I ain't got a dick.
I got a chicken noodle can.
All my life.
I've been put in my hands.
I'm a chicken noodle wife.
Chicken noodle can come down from the mountains.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river Jordan.
You need the devil's soup until your troubles go away.
It's a spiritual.
I mean, for the lack of a writer, it's a Negro spiritual about God cursing you with a strange
dick and forcing you to work your whole life and struggle.
It's about being jibbeded by God.
But the payoff is the curse of this chicken noodle can.
You can feed the devil's soup and make your troubles go away.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like a hard working fucking life.
We should, if anyone not listening wants to remix that, put some like some acts, like
some pics on there.
But just give it one clean audio track.
Let's do it one more time.
Here I am.
I ain't got a dick.
I got a chicken noodle can.
Don't start clapping until chicken noodle.
I'll give you the cue for the clapping.
So it's going to start out without the clapping.
I think it works better.
And then you, sir, wear a diaper and fly across with a banner.
No, no, no.
Let's not get too...
76 trombones.
Right.
We need Karen on costume design.
Jesus, I'm falling everywhere.
All right.
Okay, here we go.
One, two, one, two, three.
Here I am.
Oh, Jesus.
All right.
Fuck.
Here I am.
Oh, start over.
That was terrible.
Here... sorry.
It's on the end.
Here... here I am.
Stop it.
One, two, one, two, three, four.
Here I am.
I ain't got a dick.
I got a chicken noodle can.
Oh, my life.
I've been putting my hands on my chicken noodle wife.
Chicken noodle got down from the mountains.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river Jordan.
See the devil scoop and say your troubles go away.
Got a devil soup until your troubles go away.
Yeah.
We can make some more verses to that too, I think, as we go.
Yeah, I think the next verse has to be about the chicken noodle wife.
I'm concerned about her.
Yeah, she's at home like...
Yeah, she's like, keep getting fucked by a chicken noodle can.
That doesn't make me a chicken noodle wife.
I'm a person.
She's a big job for him.
Putting this can of chicken noodle wife poor baby.
It's a very sexist song.
And also all my life, you're like, really?
We met when you were 20.
But in his defense, he's probably like building a lot of railroad
and not for a lot of pay.
If shit rolls downhill a little bit to the woman he loves,
like maybe there could be some support there.
Maybe she gets her own song.
Maybe she can be like a Dolly Parton figure
and go like, oh, little girl, when you wait for your man to come home,
don't you want home?
No, baby, no, no, no.
Ain't enough chicken noodle in the can for me.
Ain't that right?
You know, kind of rise up, sisters.
Put them in his place.
Yeah, if people feel like they have a verse to add to that,
please tumble that shit.
All right, can we do our regular segment?
I'm really convinced this is going to pay off.
It's called Spencer's Complaints about Looney Tunes cartoons.
Spencer comes down.
You think he'd have a softness in his heart for the Looney Tunes characters,
but he really comes down like a ton of lead.
The more you find out about this guy, the more you love him.
We took him to Charlotte.
He loved the sleet.
Then we took him to Times Square.
He hated Times Square.
And you go like, yeah, good.
He's a barometer.
He's like Henry David Thoreau.
And he's not fallen for any of those Tasmanian devil bullshit.
Sorry, somebody probably have a tattoo of him somewhere.
All right, let's play a theme song.
Spencer's Complaints about Looney Tunes.
He hates it.
He hates Looney Tunes, period.
He always got a dance.
You always got a dance.
No, dancing.
I was just commenting on your dancing.
All right, so do you want to team up with the question, Dan?
No, no, no.
Why are they Coyote and the Roadrunner?
Well, I like that.
That's like the one Looney Tunes I enjoy.
Well, then don't talk about that.
Wait, do you guys like her?
I don't get it.
Honestly confused, not joking.
Anyway, why like Coyote?
I mean, like he has like his dad's credit card.
I don't know, like where does he get all the money
for the shit that he buys?
And not only like just crazy shit,
but like literally like surreal shit,
like a paint your own hole in a wall like kit.
But it's just like, does Acme not sell like rotisserie Roadrunner?
Like it's so easy.
He's spending millions of dollars.
I'm sure there's a restaurant.
All right, all right.
Spencer Hayes Looney Tunes.
Also, that track I just played is one minute and 11 seconds,
but you ended exactly on time.
I have great back timing.
Here I am.
Ain't gonna dick, I got a chicken noodle can.
I love it.
Should we start playing Dungeons & Dragons?
I think we should.
That's the first time that's been applauded anywhere near Boston.
We're in Brooklyn as a sold out crowd.
It's like the people are cheering for Ray of Frost spells.
What have we brought?
We have to welcome Mulrainee Sidhanna, Erin McGathy to the stage.
Hey, really quick.
Maybe this is just in my head,
but it feels like there have been a lot of references to you getting blown
and you getting laid.
I just want to know if we're okay.
Yeah, we're fine.
I was actually specifically going to do a relationship check-in with you.
Okay, well then I won't say that.
Do that now.
Spencer, get your dice lined up for whatever goes on over there.
How are we doing, baby?
I think we're doing good.
Yeah, the jokes about, you know, Jeff's making jokes like somebody's blowing me.
And then you said, like, I won't get laid in Boston.
Yeah, well, I don't know.
No, it's fine.
Maybe you were talking about me.
Maybe you're worried about enticing me.
Yeah, yeah.
Aaron, Aaron, Aaron.
She laughs, she laughs.
Aaron, it gets lonely for a guy on the road.
But he brought his girlfriend.
He brought his portable hole.
Do it yourself, okay.
There's 850,000 reasons never to be in a relationship with me.
The only one that there isn't is that I would ever, I just don't, I don't have the capacity.
No, I know, I know.
I've never done it.
I'm 40.
He's a great guy.
He's a great guy, everybody.
And a great boyfriend.
I'm not, like, the road is hard for a relationship.
We're in a tour bus and we're in a hotel room and it's like, well, why aren't we doing it all the time?
We have sex with wood.
There's a wood block.
There's a hole on one side and then, like, a thing on the other.
And we have this, like, swing that we sit in.
And there's no time for it.
We're Orthodox Amish.
We're not allowed to look at each other.
We have these Iron Man suits made of wood.
And I just have an opening for a dick.
She has a dick.
And we just rub them together.
We're snails.
We're asexual wooden Iron Men.
I would say, mercifully, I have not caught or heard you guys doing it on the tour bus.
No, no, no, no.
It'd be really hard to do on the tour bus.
Boo.
Hard and awesome.
Are you booing Jeff not seeing us have sex?
No, he's booing you guys not fucking on the tour bus.
There's these little, like...
We spooned.
Yeah, we cradle each other.
There's these little bunks and you draw a little curtain across.
And, yeah, it would be...
It'd be weird.
You'd hear my belt buckle jingling.
It wouldn't be real sex.
It would be like a hand job or something.
And it'd be like, you just hear like jingling and...
Right.
And I cry pretty loud.
Yeah.
Chicken noodle man.
I know what.
I ate it already.
I'm working on it.
I'm going to write that female part and I'm going to create a fake Twitter account and
I'll tweet it to you and it'll be like, ah, hasmat45.
What a...
I don't know why that's my...
Hasmat45.
Somebody's got some subconscious herpes denial.
No, no, any random jingling on that bus is going to give me nightmares.
That's why I take off my...
I take off my belt in that bunk because I don't want anyone to think I'm jerking off.
And it sounds like I'm jerking...
Every time I roll over, it sounds like I'm jerking off.
Oh, man.
So have you jerked off on the bus?
Not on the bus.
What have you jerked off on?
I did it in the hotel room.
I wish I was around for that.
Well, you weren't.
You were getting me food.
I'm not...
The title of tonight's show isn't I'm a Good Boyfriend or I wouldn't have...
I'm not trying to pull anything over on anyone.
That's why I came back with a food and you were just asleep with a smile on your face.
No, I was just watching Harry Potter 2 and...
He gets me every time.
They're fighting the evil wizards.
No, I don't know.
It wasn't one of those moments that you're thinking.
I was really discreet about it.
You never knew. You never suspected.
Aaron, have you masturbated on the bus?
Hesitation.
Yeah!
They're just like us.
They're like us.
Yeah, you did it, didn't you?
Well, you know, God, this is such a big room.
Yes, yes, clearly I did it.
See, women get applause for that.
And this is how I did it.
Dan, should I do it?
Sure, sure.
Date line to her bus.
My girlfriend masturbated in a bunk.
She's a woman of the people.
Having fun on the road.
Getting it all out there.
I just did it to fall asleep a couple of times.
Yeah, that's why I always do it.
Yeah, well, whatever.
This is a great time for me to point out
that I was a camp counselor for several years.
And one of my campers is here tonight.
Let's get her up here.
Come on up.
I forgot about that.
Specific talk about Bunker Master Mansion.
Yeah, your camp catler was masturbated on the bus today.
I'm a brute, everybody. Hi.
Yeah.
Hey.
I can trump that.
The 19-year-old webmaster of my Tumblr blog is here.
Marissa, get up here.
It's a competition to make each other uncomfortable.
I just want to, let's get it all out.
Like, like, like, like, like, it's weird going on TV.
Look, look, look.
Marissa, Marissa, Marissa runs the Having Changed Tumblr blog.
Woo!
And if you, if you bought Dan's book
when I was editing Dan's book, Marissa helped me by,
I called her and asked a million things over,
and she helped me by finding Tumblr dates and stuff.
Her name's in the book.
If you wanted to sign your book.
And Emma is super smart and cool,
and I was her counselor when she was 14,
and I'm sorry I'm masturbated on the bus.
And Marissa brought her mom.
So, like, let's bring her up.
Marissa's mom, where's Marissa's mom?
40-year-old man drinking and talking about sex and masturbation.
Underage women on stage.
Everybody's having a good time.
Bring up the mom, bring up the mom, bring up the mom.
Bring up the mom!
Hello.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
I am not sorry at all about this.
What's your name?
Mitzi.
Mitzi, okay.
And so, Marissa told me,
we did a little interview for the little movie we're making.
She said that you, because she needed to come here.
She can't, it's a club, it's 21 and over.
She needed a legal guardian to come.
You listened for the first time to the podcast of this guy she's a fan of.
What was your reaction?
I was glad I was alone.
Did you masturbate?
Stop, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff.
No, yeah, everybody's having a good time.
Ask your moms if they masturbate in front of their daughters.
Insane, this is officially more insane than Brooklyn.
We have lost our minds.
You did it, congratulations.
You jibbit people and you bring this out of us.
I don't know what happens in this.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, Yankee suck, right?
Oh, Yankee suck.
Yes.
Now it's happening.
This is where we get stabbed.
The stirring wheel came off.
How are you enjoying the show?
I'm absolutely loving it.
But I actually have a story about Aaron kind of related to masturbation.
Oh, no.
Just hanging out.
All right, well, I doubt she has any recollection of this whatsoever.
But Aaron actually taught me what feminine wetness was.
So we went to a very...
or the camp is very experimental.
What's the address of this place?
It's in Maine.
How did I teach you about feminine wetness?
Well, I remember we were all...
in the hard way.
Well, do you remember when we used to like hang out on the porch of the bunk?
Like kind of late at night, we'd talk about boys and men.
It was this feels terrible, the podcast basically.
But on a porch.
Yeah, very early incarnation of this feels terrible.
But we were like, we were chilling out there.
It was me and a few of my friends and Aaron comes out and we were like,
Aaron, what does wet mean?
Like, what does it mean when you get wet?
And she just got so uncomfortable.
And that's good.
I'm glad he didn't say a smile, whatever came across her face.
I thought you'd never ask.
Cut to Cancun.
Cut to a cartoon owl looking at the camera.
What did I say was appropriate?
It was a very clinical definition.
You were just like, when a woman gets aroused,
she...
her vagina gets wet.
Say what?
You know that?
Some day, some day.
All right, okay, let's go.
Well, thank you.
You're welcome.
All right.
We learned a lot at Harmontown.
Take your mamas, come on down.
Everybody's going to learn a thing or two.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, how do you get wet?
What do you do?
This is insane.
Are there any 14-year-olds in the audience?
Can I get you another root beer float?
What do we do, Jeff?
We have a chorus of spiraling shame and irony up here.
Adam Goldberg's on the air again?
He rips to me knowing that his brothers are here.
He has a reply.
Yes, what does Adam Goldberg have to say?
All right, well, we need you on mic, though, because...
Let's just have a...
That'll be the stage.
Everyone at some point is going to get on the stage tonight.
But first of all, do you know how to get wet?
Okay, I'm sorry, that was too far.
Come on up so we can hear the...
Matt, right?
So you have a relationship with Adam Goldberg?
Yeah, I know him from the drive.
A bar in LA, okay.
And so Adam Goldberg sent you a text?
He knew that his brothers are here, and he has a reply for you.
Okay.
Do you want to read it, or...?
No, you read it.
If they are being mean to me, ask Dan how many cool, cool, cool t-shirts he sold.
What does he think that makes his fan art...
Who does he think that makes his fan art updates his wiki and upvotes his 101 videos?
Sure as hell, ain't the Allison Breeze of the world.
I met her though.
Pause for a little gravity.
I met her though, she's super nice.
Look, I really...
Oh no, everybody's spiraling.
Look, I really hard went to care about how people view me, I really do.
But I can't recapture the feathers from the pillowcase.
I can't make people like me if they honestly don't want to.
I'm a positive person, the best version of my authentic self, and continue to be humorous, honest, and loving.
If some people think I'm a gremlin, or a robot, or a grembot...
Well, that is the price of entering the public sphere.
We can't all be Johnny Unitas.
Adam Goldberg dominates...
Wait, Adam Goldberg knows what Johnny Unitas is?
Well, he certainly spiked that one in the fucking end zone.
What's your name? Matt, everybody, thank you.
Jesus Christ.
So Adam thought that he was really thrown under the bus, which I don't think he was.
Will the court see a rejoiner here on Earth?
Jesus Christ.
Come on up.
No, no, no, I'm all for this stuff, Matt.
We've gone off the rails.
I'm just going to remind the listeners that Missy Merse's mom is still in stage.
She's just standing with her hands folded in front of her.
She's very patient, best mom in the world.
I can't give a rejoinder.
Oh, my name is Nick.
He's made it up. Fake name.
It's NIC. There's no cash.
All right. This doesn't make it less fake, but it makes it more fake.
My name is Bob Johnson. That's a fake name.
No, it's spelled with a Q.
I think he was, yes, the ending U, that it was fake. He's like, yeah, it is fake.
Oh, okay. Thank you, sweetie.
All right, so, all right.
I'm going to think about this later.
What's the rejoinder?
My rejoinder would be how...
My rejoinder would be how brilliant you are.
But the only whack...
No, don't boo him. Don't boo him. He's you. He's me.
That means I have to leave. They booed.
Thank you. I agree. I'm brilliant. Worst rejoinder ever.
That's what they were booing.
All right. All right. We hit peak of...
Peak insanity?
Yes.
No, I think we're not even halfway home, baby.
You're right.
If peak insanity would be like, oh my God, we're going to run out of insanity.
It's the opposite problem, right?
We've hit the point in Day of the Dead with the elevators coming down.
The loading dock elevator.
Since we have this chorus of beautiful ladies up here, maybe we should try the song.
We'll teach them the lyrics.
Maybe... I'm sorry, what was your name on the end there?
Emma, you probably already know the lyrics to the anthem, right?
They come on down to Harmontown. Do you know?
Let's try that.
Yeah, I could probably...
Oh, shit.
Can I just dance?
I'll make it quick. Then we gotta play D&D.
Yo, okay. Yo, yo.
I'll do some rapping.
Then she'll sing the re-anna part.
And you'll be clapping in it.
My name is Dan Harmon. I'm sorry about the show.
I tried to do things by the cup, but sometimes it blows.
Came to Somerville trying to do something nice.
I'm sorry that I couldn't have a lot of ice.
But I'm still an alcoholic. I still like to drink.
I fucked your mom all up and down the kitchen sink.
Put her pussy in the drain and turned it on.
I saw your mama go down till the break of dawn.
Yeah.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Strength.
He is yellow, poop is brown.
Struggle.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Speakers in front of me. They look like demons inside.
I wanna fuck your mama so hard.
She gets twice as wide. I fuck your mama at every avenue.
I fucked your mama. I'm so sorry about you being up here.
I'm so sorry. There's a literal mama behind me.
It's very comfortable.
I don't mean it. It's just an expression.
I'm so sorry.
Obama's recession.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Politics.
Turn that frown upside down.
Fiscal cliff.
He is yellow, poop is brown.
Her pants out.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Your ass crack is hanging out.
My ass crack.
Yeah.
Ass crack hanging out of the back.
That means I'm a working class person.
Like people from the city that likes Goodwill Hunting.
Steeple.
Matt Damon likes them apples.
I think that screenplay was stinkier than Crapples.
Don't go to a window and say how do you like them.
Any normal person would say, that's fucking stupid.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Matt Damon.
Turn that frown upside down.
Affleck.
He is yellow, poop is brown.
Duck.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Cars.
Thank you ladies.
I'm on Miss Amarisa.
That's how we get them.
Thank you.
Thank you, Miss Amarisa.
Any other ladies have any questions about why you get wet?
Missy, I'm so sorry.
She has a milk crate for a stare.
All she wanted to do was raise a good daughter.
And she did everything right and then out of, absolutely completely out of her control,
the internet was invented.
She had no choice.
She didn't get to sign off on that.
No one ever came to her home and said, should we have an internet?
Well, what's that?
It means that a gross, horrible, alcoholic, middle-aged man will be a part of your daughter's life.
The nays have it.
No they don't.
You don't get to choose.
It's the internet.
But she's a good kid and you've definitely done something right.
Because I met her for the first time tonight and she survived the last year unscathed.
She's not a dirtbag.
No, she's a good kid.
She seems very intelligent too.
So my takeaway is just keep me in a gross, creepy asshole.
Absolutely.
I'm making better women.
All right, Spencer, get us up to date.
Spencer, catch us up to date.
When we last met, the trio had just been regrouping after collecting some treasure in a locker room
of a great flying ship.
Ascending a magical pole, Sharpie saw a fighting force of dark stars, evil men.
Thinking quickly, the mage conjured a squid, crushing several of the minions.
The ship's pilot, the sinister Dave, played by Jason Sudeikis.
Left into action, blinding, tripping and flatulating on quark in a flurry of humorous combat.
The two fought with knives and after a ray of frost to the eye in a critical arrow, Dave was slain.
The bite-sized armored figure falls onto the floor with a clatter.
The dead squid dissolves into air, freeing the previously trapped crewmen.
They cower in fear.
Go!
All right, we did it.
So we got these guys on the run now.
Yeah, so that guy's dead.
Those three other guys, they were like trapped under the thing.
They're not trapped, but they're just cowering in fear.
Are they armored or are they kind of innocent?
They're not wearing much of anything.
Like that whip guy.
Throw on your weapons.
I'm saying to them, throw on your weapons.
They have no weapons.
I give them some weapons.
You give them some throwing knives?
Yeah, I give them some throwing knives.
Throw them down.
They do that.
I go pick up my throwing knives and I go, watch it.
How does that feel to be given weapons and then made to surrender them?
Not very well.
Say it again.
Say it louder.
I'm psychologically breaking you.
One of them breaks psychologically.
I drink his soul.
You gain three hit points.
Uh-oh.
I just went down an Elrond Hubbard road.
You're just a metaphor for drug abuse or something.
I just found out a new way to...
We don't know what they want, right?
No.
No, you don't.
It's diplomacy.
Okay.
Sorry.
So what do you want to say?
I want to say sorry about everything, I think.
What's going on?
What are you doing under there?
I don't know how to drive the ship.
Oh, shit, is the ship crashing?
You hear a voice come from the overhead.
Autopilot disengaged.
Uh-oh.
The steering wheel of the ship spins wildly to the right and countless alarms flash disorienting you.
I run...
Sorry, I'm a ranger.
No.
Okay.
Rangers have pilot skills?
I run to the steering wheel and grab it.
You grab it.
It's very difficult to hold on to the terrible bulk of the wheel, but you manage to ride its course.
Hey, this thing's hard to hold.
You're stronger than me.
Okay, would I do better holding the wheel, Spencer?
I go and assist and try my luck at holding the wheel and steadying the ship.
After it's already been steadied by Sharpie, you find it very, very easy to hold it on a steady course.
However, you don't know where the ship's headed.
Where does it maps in the other room?
That's true.
You left them there, I think.
Okay, I run back to the other room.
It's safe going, right?
We killed everybody on board, right?
You're holding the wheel.
Hey, hot chat, go get those maps, I'll drive.
Mulraine, go get the maps.
Are you going to jerk off again?
Every time she leaves the room, you start masturbating.
I'm going to use hypnotism to get some information out of these guys.
Okay.
All right, so I'll go get the maps.
I'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
I bound away and my hair flows like a river of kisses.
And this scent comes from my hair that's like lilacs and heaven.
And I turn back and I giggle, and then I walk into the other room.
Yep.
The sirens are still going off.
I look on the panel for anything that might indicate, can I use my intelligence,
my extreme Dan Harmon type intelligence to determine if I could tell on this panel
if there's anything that will shut these alarms off?
There's nothing that will shut them off.
It seemed to be indicating some sort of pressure regulation warnings.
Oh, is the hatch still open?
Maybe.
Which hatch?
The one I entered through from the bottom.
That one's not open.
What about the hatches where the cannons were?
Those were sealed.
All right, fuck that thing.
If I want to get information out of people as a sidebar,
is it better to use charm person or hypnotism?
I'd use charm person.
Okay, I cast charm person on one person?
The guy who's soul you broke.
Yeah, yeah.
That happens.
Okay, is he my buddy now?
He's feared of you, but yeah, yeah.
What's your name, buddy?
Good Clint.
Oh, Clint, you having a good time pilot in the ship?
I'm in fear.
Yeah?
Me too, buddy, we're all afraid.
Everyone's afraid of things they don't know,
but you know what always helps me when I'm afraid?
I figure out everything I can about what I do know.
So I go like, where was the ship going?
I was going to the north to regroup.
Okay.
All right.
Them.
You know what doesn't help fear?
What?
Thatness.
You know what always cuts through it?
Specificity.
Like coordinates, like names.
We don't have the education to understand such coordinate systems.
Do you have the education to understand that I will fuck your world up?
I thought we were friends?
Yeah.
A good friend will fuck you up.
He's broken again.
Sharpie, ask him if he knows how to get the pressure systems back to normal.
How do you get the pressure systems going, Clint?
He's balling on the floor.
Clint!
Look at me.
I step in and play, I step in and play good cop.
I said, listen, sorry about my friend, man.
I want a piece of that asshole.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Sharpie, don't get a cup of decaf and just take it easy.
I'll be back and then you're fucking dead, Clint.
Clint, I'm sorry about my partner.
His wife just was killed by a cabinet.
An animated cabinet.
Yeah, an animated...
Stupid presidents.
Why do they appoint those people?
They're murderous.
Clint, look, man, I don't want, I don't want...
You've been nothing but doing us favors.
Do you know how to stop this, how to repressurize the ship?
You need to find one of those little black creatures.
They know how this thing works.
Don't be racist, Clint.
Okay, weird story.
I'm sorry, they're called imps.
Ips?
Imps.
Imps?
IMP.
I do know how to spell various creatures' names.
Okay.
What deck, now?
How do I get to these knowledgeable imps?
They might be in the engine room.
Alright, I run off to the engine room.
You head down the ladder into the engine room.
Can I see anything out of the...
Is there a windshield?
Yeah, there is a windshield.
Do I see the other ships?
Is there like a fleet of ships?
There's actually not.
You can't see any ships around you.
You find that slightly odd, to be honest.
Yeah, we've deviated.
Yeah.
I should mention that quark stepped away from the wheel.
We deviated from the wheel?
What?
The quark stepped away from the wheel.
Oh, grab the wheel.
Shit, I grab it.
I grab it.
You don't hear him because he's in the engine room at this point.
I climb back up the ladder and yell,
Sorry, my bad.
Grab the wheel, Sharpie.
Alright, alright, that happens.
I come running back into the room.
Yeah.
How does your hair look?
Oh, you did something new, isn't it?
Bangs?
Bangs or rainbows?
You tell me.
Yes, my hair is flowing and my breasts...
Like, they slow motion almost.
I go back into the engine room.
Sharpie.
Yes.
Hear the maps.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
There's a musical sting indicating that, you know,
I too know what it is to be wet.
Well, I came into the room with my hair down to here.
We don't have time for this.
Here, hear the maps.
And as a ranger, I know that we need to go north.
Also, I overheard you.
Should go north.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
I just got to keep this wheel straight.
Sharpie, you got some squid glue goo on your shirt.
Oh, get that off.
Thank you.
You're such a mess.
Listen, make sure those three guys don't move, you know,
secure them somehow.
Okay.
I fire two arrows.
Jesus Christ.
We might need these guys.
We might need...
These are not foes right now.
No, no, no.
I shoot it out there.
Is there any part of your body that's not painful
to get shot with an arrow?
I shoot it at their hair.
Oh, okay.
Their ear lobes?
Yeah.
Oh, through their...
They all have earrings.
Shoot through there.
Well, one of them hits the guy in the eye.
Terrific.
Might have needed him.
The other hits you on the foot.
Still alive.
Okay.
You take...
Ha!
Adventure!
One damage.
Jesus.
I'm sorry.
I've been very distracted lately.
Just keep an eye on them.
Well, I'll take one away, apparently.
Meanwhile, in the engine room...
I was just going to do that.
Yeah, good.
Yeah.
I examine the surroundings in the engine room.
Woosh.
The engine room slides open.
You see eight identical machine-like machines.
They have some vaguely machine-like qualities.
Pistons firing and tubes going to and fro.
You see several fluids pumped through the various devices.
You can see one off in the corner.
It's venting a strange green gas.
And you can see two black creatures crawling across it.
Hitting it with metal tools.
Blah, blah, blah.
Blah.
All right, guys.
What's going on in here?
They hiss at you in a language you don't understand.
All right.
Well, did somebody feed you after midnight?
Or get you wet?
A cheddar runder.
What do you say, a cheddar runder?
Yeah, I cast magic callback.
Do I need to...
I approach them to examine the machinery.
There's a large crack in one of the casings.
That's why it's venting gas.
They're not sure what this stuff is.
Are they trying to fix it or destroy it?
They do appear to be trying to fix it.
Blah, blah, blah.
So I should leave them to their task, probably, right?
Maybe.
Maybe they won't fix it.
I don't know.
Anybody out there got any ideas?
Whip one at a wall.
Whip one at a wall?
I take one of them and whip them at a wall.
I pick them up with my strength and throw one at the wall
to send a message to the other one to get on the fucking stick
and stop the gas leak.
Blah, blah, blah.
He falls to the ground and is unconscious.
And I look at the other guy and I'm like,
Mo, Mo?
The other guy's not paying attention.
He's just going back to trying to work on this thing.
Okay.
I go in a system.
I mean, he seems like he's doing his job, right?
He asked for some tears.
Look.
He looks at you expectantly and hisses something at you.
Blah, blah, blah.
Do I have any ability to understand him?
I speak that language in your head.
You know, I run back upstairs, grab the wheel at the bridge,
relieve Sharpie, he goes back down into the engine room.
You tag out.
Goldberg style.
Yeah.
Go.
All right.
I go to the room.
I carefully follow Jeff's directions.
I say, go left until you get, keep going.
If you go to the bathroom, you've got too far.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Pass the unconscious lamp laying below the wall.
All right.
The other imp is, is hissing about how this was a two-person job.
In the office.
It's not a two-person job.
Bad about a few people.
Well, now it's a one-person job.
How do we do it?
What can I do?
From a wizard.
What about a dog that just can't even?
Well, you speak the language, right?
Yeah, yeah, you speak the language.
So, what do they say?
The wheels translate, though.
It's like, I need sovereign glue.
Well, this is hardly the time.
This is exactly the time.
Oh, okay.
Sorry, I was doing a dumb joke.
Is the sovereign glue that bit glopo-glowing jello
that was in the other room with the face bubbling up to it?
You don't know that it's not?
What does sovereign glue look like?
It comes in a yellow bottle.
It's usually well-labeled.
It should be in the locker room.
Oh, the locker room.
Didn't we get everything out of the locker room?
You got all the treasure.
Go to the locker room.
You go to the locker room.
I find that yellow glue.
You do.
You find it.
Yay!
That's applause bigger than warranted.
You found glue?
Look at it.
They're like, finish it!
The babysitter's getting extra.
All right.
I take the yellow glue back to the engine room.
That happens.
You give them the yellow glue and he sets to work.
He says, it should be about five minutes.
I think I got this.
Five minutes?
Yeah.
Thanks, Sam.
You know what?
I can see you retiring one day with a happy in family,
but I guess that's not how impage works.
No, it's not.
All right.
Good day.
I go back up to the bridge.
As you go back up to the bridge, you can't help but flash back.
You flash back to your mother's tails.
Son, don't forget the Infinifish who will eat you up at night.
He'll fly past the moon in your window and eat you with a bite.
Oh, that terrible Infinifish, he'll give you such a fright.
That's the last thing you think of before you hear an earth-shattering impact on the
whole.
Everything goes black.
Cliffhanger.
Cliffhanger?
Cliffhanger!
Dungeons and Dragons!
It's hip.
It's cool.
It's the coolest thing in the world.
It's my final revenge on the cool population.
I have made Dungeons and Dragons cool.
One more time for Erin McGathy.
It's Spencer Crittenden.
And a fun fuck you to my gym teachers throughout the years.
Turns out this is a fine way to pass the time.
Have yet to earn money doing the pull-up.
Having a pretty good time playing Dungeons and Dragons, Mr. Rainer.
All right, well, let's...
I think we can bring this train into the station.
Of course, of course.
What have we learned tonight?
We're going to get out of here before it's...
Fallville.
But it's spelled F-O-L-L.
Yeah.
Hey.
Why is it S-O-M-M?
Anybody know?
Somebody's name?
They made it up.
That's what I was saying.
They made it up at a town meeting.
No one knows why.
It's just because this Wahlberg guy was a fucking...
Sheep fucker.
She was a sheep fucker.
How many fuckers do you get through up here?
Do you do them all?
You finish mine, by the way.
I can't tell, because I kept marrying them.
That's the danger.
If we had a fifth up here, then we could monitor it.
We're the first Matt.
We paid him enough.
No, no, no.
Matt didn't do anything wrong.
Matt didn't.
There's just a bunch of empty glasses, and I'm happy.
I could measure it in happiness.
I'm very happy.
I've had a good time in Somerville.
Anybody that...
Aaron told me that you guys set a record that we didn't know was setable for a pre-show
sale of merchandise.
I guess you guys bought the most shit before the show.
But can they go for the total?
That's not why we're here.
I'm taking a loss on the tour.
I'm doing this to indulge my own 40-year-old fantasies.
We're not a profiteering people.
We're just coming through town, but we do have t-shirts and maps and photos and whatever
the hell.
I don't know, glow worms, whatever the fuck.
At the I Love Spencer pin where the heart is a 20-sided die, which is awesome.
And if you buy that stuff, I'm happy to sign it now.
I can't turn anybody down, so I'll be here all night until the last thing is signed.
Do you think it's possible to do audience passing with tables in here?
Is that really reckless?
I don't know, man.
That would be the ultimate fuck you to Brooklyn.
Yeah, if we could somehow manage.
Just gonna make sure my wallet and my phone.
Find your center first, man.
Thank you, Summerville.
Find out what...this is about what Summerville means to us.
Where are we in our tour?
There are four seasons in the year, but the most special one is right here.
In Summerville, it's where I wanted to kill up on the stage.
And I did alright, and I think we all had a halfway decent night.
And I don't know what you paid, but I think we're gonna be alright.
In Summerville, I fucked your mama.
She was on the pill.
She didn't get pregnant, so I will not have a child with her.
But if I did, I'd raise it like Raymond Burr.
I'd teach him to be Perry Mason, and he'd solve cases on TV with hastens justice.
He'd cross-examine people and get to the bottom of shit in Harmontown.
Harmontown, sing it.
We're making it up.
I don't know.
I fucked your mama.
Hold on, I'll get it together, don't worry about it.
I fucked your mama tonight.
To your mama's house, I rang the doorbell and said hello.
She said, come inside of my house and have some ambrosia salad with Jello.
I laid down on the table, it got so nasty.
She poured it over me, I didn't care.
I fucked your mama so hard that she's the color of her hair.
Went out in Harmontown, Harmontown.
I fucked your mama in Harmontown, where he is yellow and poop is brown.
I fucked your mama so hard in Harmontown.
All right, get the biggest people to look forward.
Get the biggest.
We can do it.
We're doing it.
Harmontown.
I fucked your mama tonight.
I fucked your mama in Somerville and I'm lifting even higher than Brooklyn still.
I'm touching the ceiling in Johnny D's in Somerville.
That's a new record.
We're in Harmontown.
Thank you so much Johnny D's for coming tonight.
I want to thank Kara, Kara, the Goldberg brothers.
Emma, Marissa and Mitzi for coming up here.
A special thanks to Mitzi, really.
Special thanks for securing our children's future.
One more time for Spencer.
Aaron, thank you Aaron.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Let's hear one more time for the mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Go to the bar and get fucked up.